tools: add new update-docker-tag.sh, add to PR checklist, update upgrade guide (#171)
sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph-docker: RELEASING.md

# Release guide

## Branching/tagging scheme

Just like deploy-sourcegraph, we use version branches and version tags. We _additionally_ have a second set which is customer-replication branches and version tags:

- Tag examples: `v3.8.2`, `v3.9.2`, `customer-replica-v3.8.2`, `customer-replica-v3.9.2-2`
- Branch examples: `3.8`, `3.9`, `3.8-customer-replica`, `3.9-customer-replica`

> The customer replica ones are important as we must maintain some diffs for replication purposes, such as using a different Postgres version, changes to the `prometheus_targets.yml` and more. We use tags to ensure each AMI we save correlates directly with an immutable Git tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The customer replica branches are distinct living branches which have diffs we maintain for replicating some customers using the pure-docker deployment model described in the README.md of this repository (e.g. the customers' different Postgres version, changes to the `prometheus_targets.yml`, and more.) We test, tag, and release these `$VERSION-customer-replica` branches as `customer-replica-$VERSION` to produce the final diffs we send to customers running a pure-docker deployment on e.g. https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/updates/pure_docker
```

Rephrased to include some more detail, but also the AMI stuff won't be true soon because it's all outdated and I plan to delete them all.

## Releasing a new version

### Create the release branch

> > ⚠️ If you are using the Sourcegraph release tooling, this step will be done for you in the PR it creates.

Reviewer: What is the "Sourcegraph release tooling" and where do I find it? Can we link to it here, or a handbook page, etc.?

Author: Added links in 5a5046e1359f447d0d08e6fd691f79496e69b894 !

git push --set-upstream origin 3.17
```

### Update the image tags

> ⚠️ If you are using the Sourcegraph release tooling, this step will be done for you in the PR it creates.

In the latest release branch you created:

1. Run `tools/update-docker-tags.sh $VERSION`
2. Confirm the diff shows the image tags being updated to the version you expect, and push directly to the release branch.

### Cherry-pick image update to master

> Cherry-pick the commit where you update images on the release branch back into `master`.

Reviewer: so the release tooling will make the PR to update images in only the release branch? is there a reason we can't invert this and have it do it against `master`, and then create the release branch from that commit in `master`?

Author: I just felt it aligned better with the `deploy-sourcegraph` scheme, and I've been trying to have the tool create "final" PRs - e.g. PRs where the merge _is_ the final state of the release (thus, the release campaign becomes a good snapshot of the state of a release).

IMO updating `master` is a secondary concern by comparison (since nobody should be using it), so if a delayed manual step must happen I'd rather it be the `master` update than the release branch update

Reviewer: My concern here is that someone will forget to cherry-pick the commit. But it sounds like you have grander plans here and are aware of that, so I'm happy :)

    - add a new section with all relevant upgrade details: https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph@a718276cbdc4c9e079d5495cb34ce663c5d35c01/-/blob/doc/admin/updates/docker_compose.md#updating-a-docker-compose-sourcegraph-instance
    - Update `latestReleaseDockerComposeOrPureDocker` in https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/blob/master/cmd/frontend/internal/app/pkg/updatecheck/handler.go#L47

> ### Message @stephen on Slack

Reviewer: I went ahead and removed this section calling out to me to follow these steps, since others (primarily Uwe and Dave) will now be doing this. If you could update the upstream release checklist to include a step to consider doing a pure-docker release (e.g. in the case of a major release, but not strictly all patch releases) that'd be excellent!

Author: Noted here: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/15281/commits/d8bcb6a9a8aa822b55c7fee1a3c2e58f8fb2d92b

> I am releasing deploy-sourcegraph-docker, please release pure-docker.

> If you are Stephen, follow [releasing pure-docker](#releasing-pure-docker) below.

Reviewer: I forgot this was still here, will send a PR later to remove it.
